1.
My love for computers began by playing a console game called Magic Tower in middle school. While I was playing this game, I was very curious about how this interesting game was created. As a result of my curiosity, I found a way to open the source code of the game. At that time, I first read code that was written by others even though I could not understand any of it. This unrecognizable code motivated my curiosity again: how do these letters become such an interesting game? One year later, this question was solved when I was researching by myself in high school. With the help of my self study, I learned what computer science was and understood how these letters work; however, my curiosity keeps driving me to expand my skill set and explore more in the world of computer science.
After being accepted by the University of California, San Diego, I learned more comprehensive technical skills systematically; however, the knowledge in lower-division courses was still not enough to satisfy my curiosity in computer science. Many pieces of code seemed magical to me, and I wanted to know why they worked. To seek additional exposure to the computer science field outside class, I joined the CSSA's tech department. At CSSA, I finished many extracurricular projects and enhanced my technical skills, most notably – the website called "Duanzu." To provide the best experience to users, we used many new technologies on this website, such as node.js, react.js, and JSX. Since we had never learned these in class, we experienced many difficulties at the beginning of this project. However, as we suffered through solving these technical challenges, we also learned a great deal about the newest technologies used in the industry. Although I will learn them in the future through upper-division courses, since I learned about them in advance, it will be easier to master them when I do take my upper-division courses. This experience at CSSA helped me significantly in building up my technical skillset and becoming better prepared for my upper-division classes.

5.
The most significant challenge I faced happened when I was developing my first video game, 2048. This game was originally a basic course project designed to help students get familiar with Java and JavaFX. However, with the passion for creating a better video game, I also added extra functions, such as "expand," "undo," and "score export," to the game.
The most challenging part came when the professor's GUI algorithm didn't work with my newly added functions in 2048. I had never experienced this situation before as 2048 was my first extracurricular project. Unlike any course project, no one taught me when I was doing the project alone. To solve this issue, I first tried to tweak the professor's algorithm to fit in my newly added functions. I tried every method I could think of, but it always conflicted with the new functions. I almost gave up. However, my passion for creating my own video game prodded me into exploring methods to solve the conflict between the professor’s algorithm and my new functions. With another three days of struggling, I changed my strategy after reading a blog about Java's garbage collector. Instead of adjusting the professor's algorithm, I created a completely new algorithm to suit my needs. With this new algorithm, I made 2048 work. That was the first time I had finished a project by myself, and, by overcoming the challenges in adding new functions to 2048, I acquired many skills that I would have never learned by going to the lectures. Reflecting on my solution to this challenge, I realized that I shouldn't have added new functions first then tried to adjust the algorithm; instead, I should have worked on the overall algorithm first and then built the new functions. This challenge significantly affected my academic achievement since it helped me to understand the process of creating an extracurricular project by myself more in-depth. This understanding will help me to create a project more efficiently in the future.

6.
In 2015, I worked as a poll worker for the election of a mayor for San Francisco. I was inspired to join this volunteer activity since I had never experienced elections before, and I was curious about how they worked in the US. Before beginning my work as a poll worker, I was first asked to undergo training. The most important thing I learned from the training was never to say "No" to any voter. Whether the voter spoke English or not, I wanted to help them to vote for the candidate they supported. This point was emphasized many times by different instructors in my training. As a Chinese international student, who had never experienced any elections before, this was the first time that I saw how the democratic system worked in the US.
During the day of the elections, I prepared the polling venue and set up the machines with my teammates. Since I spoke both Chinese and English, I helped many Chinese immigrants, who did not speak English, fill out their ballot forms and vote. By helping them to vote, I helped to make the elections more accessible to citizens who did not speak English. The San Francisco government was able to hear the voices of many people who spoke languages, other than English, and this helped them to determine a more suitable mayor to govern the city. Among all voters I've helped during that day, the most surprising one was a homeless person who didn't speak English. He came in my polling place just before we closed, but no one in my team refused him his chance to vote. Even though he might have had a hard time in his life, he still did not give up on the right he had to vote. From this experience as a poll worker, I learned that not only does it not matter what social class a citizen is to be able to vote, but also the diversity amongst the voters.

7.
	My passion for fencing began during middle school. Fencing is not only a sport to me, but more so a life course teaching me so many valuable lessons and experiences in life. A most important lesson that fencing taught me was never giving up, and I clearly expressed this spirit in my last provincial competition in China. In that competition, I first experienced failure at a knockout stage match. As a result, I gained a lower rank that prevented me from being in my fencing club because they only picked the top four players to be on the starting roster. However, with the spirit of not giving up, I said to my coach that "It's OK if you only give me an alternate position. I just don't want to give up on my last competition." My passion for continuing to fence persuaded the coach, and I got the permission to be a secondary alternate team member. As the group ranking proceeded, I finally had the chance to take the place of my teammate and fight on the court as a warrior again in the semifinal. Surprisingly, my opponent was the one who defeated me in the knockout stage match, and he also was the champion of that stage. Even though my opponent was more powerful and skillful than I was, with my unrelenting drive, I was able to beat him. As a result, I got first place within my group and perfectly finished my fencing career in China.
After I came to the US, I continued practicing fencing. At the University of California, San Diego, I joined the fencing club, and I was excited to practice fencing in a different environment. As I love this sport so much, I can envision myself exerting this same determination, passion, and perseverance with my fellow students and faculties in another academic setting. Here, I aspire to join the fencing team and continue my fencing career.


I built CSSA's Official Website with the CSSA Tech Department so that people can have more information about CSSA.

I built a website called "Duanzu" with CSSA. It can share house renting information with international students for them to rent houses easier.

On Election Day, I worked as a poll worker from 6 a.m. to 10 p.m. to help the voters to complete their ballots and vote.

I wrote a program to analyze the ocean floor samples from the submarine Jiaolong's 26th experiment. Jiaolong is the most advanced submarine in China.

Over summer vacation, I handed out information and spoke to people about blood donation.

I constructed proposals based on the contents of instructors' lectures in MentorX. I also showcased Qlchat software to MentorX's instructors ahead of lectures.

I showcased DingTalk software to major business clients. I also expanded its user base by more than 20 businesses through the detailed introduction of the product.

I worked for a software company that provides software for the local transportation department. I helped write programs using C++. I also helped with hardware.

I helped fix hard drives in the computer shop. Sometimes, I helped fix or rebuild computers.
I was selected to present my scheme in resolving ocean pollution in the August 2016 Algalita POPS International Youth Summit in Dana Point, CA.

I got the first place award for the Basketball Robot Championship Competition of Shandong Province.

I was part of the fencing team of 4 that won the Fencing Championship of Shandong Province.

I am a member of HKN. I attend technical workshops provided by HKN almost every week to expand my technical skill set.

The Fencing Club in the University of California, San Diego, provides a place where members can fence with each other. The club also provides coaches to train us.

With my computer teacher, I started a programming club at Shandong Qingdao No.1 High School.
